Flux 0.107 (#2284)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/experimental/quantile.md

---
title: experimental.quantile() function
description: >
  The `experimental.quantile()` function outputs non-null records with values in
  the `_value` column that fall within the specified quantile or the non-null
  record with the value in the `_value` column that represents the specified quantile.
menu:
  influxdb_2_0_ref:
    name: experimental.quantile
    parent: Experimental
weight: 302
related:
  - /influxdb/v2.0/query-data/flux/percentile-quantile/
  - /influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/built-in/transformations/aggregates/quantile/
  - /{{< latest "influxdb" "v1" >}}/query_language/functions/#percentile, InfluxQL – PERCENTILE()
---

> The `experimental.quantile()` function outputs non-null records with values in
> the `_value` column that fall within the specified quantile or the non-null
> record with the value in the `_value` column that represents the specified quantile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `experimental.quantile()` function outputs non-null records with values in
the `_value` column that fall within the specified quantile or represent the specified quantile.
```

Reviewer: Not clear on the difference between fall within and represent here, if we can clarify

Which it returns depends on the [method](#method) used.
The `_value` column must contain float values.

_**Function type:** Aggregate or Selector_  

```js
import "experimental"

experimental.quantile(
  q: 0.99,
  method: "estimate_tdigest",
  compression: 1000.0
)
```

> When using the `estimate_tdigest` or `exact_mean` methods, it outputs non-null

Reviewer: it >> the output table/record?

records with values that fall within the specified quantile.

When using the `exact_selector` method, it outputs the non-null record with the
value that represents the specified quantile.

## Parameters

### q

> A value between 0 and 1 indicating the desired quantile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value between 0 and 1 thats specifies the quantile.
```
